NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's"
WHAT DID YOU
WANNA ASK ME?
I'M INVESTIGATING
THAT CRIMSON DRAGON
THING THAT APPEARED
DURING
THE FORTUNE CUP, AND...
THAT LED YOU TO INVESTIGATE
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
YEAH... AND I FOUND
OUT THAT YOU HAD
SOME CONNECTION
TO THEM?
THEY MANAGED TO SINK
THEIR CLAWS
INTO MY YOUNGER BROTHER,
AND THEY TOOK HIM FROM ME.
OHH!
THE LAST TIME I SAW
MY BROTHER,
HE HAD JUST COME BACK
FROM WATCHING A DUEL.
HE WAS TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
HE WAS GOING ON AND ON
ABOUT "THE MOVEMENT."
I ASKED HIM WHAT
HE MEANT,
AND SUDDENLY
WE WERE FIGHTING,
AND THEN HE STORMED OFF,
AND I NEVER SAW
HIM AGAIN.
IT'S TIME FOR THE MOVEMENT
TO SEEK MEMBERS
ACROSS THE GLOBE,
AND WHO BEST TO HELP
THAN OUR VERY
FORTUNE CUP PARTICIPANT?
YOU'RE GOING TO BECOME
THE LIVING SYMBOL
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
YOU'RE GOING TO TO LEAD
A LOT OF LOST SOULS
TO THE ONE PLACE THEY
CAN TURN TO, AKIZA,
PEOPLE ARE GOING
TO LOVE YOU.
WHAT IS THIS ARCADIA
MOVEMENT REALLY ABOUT?
OHH! HUH?
DIRECTOR GOODWIN?
A LITTLE MOUSE.
SAYER!
YOU SHOULD BE
MORE CAREFUL.
NOW THAT YOU'VE SEEN
WHAT YOU'VE SEEN,
I CAN'T LET YOU LEAVE.
ALLOW ME TO AT LEAST GIVE
YOU A FIGHTING CHANCE.
YOU CAN TRY TO RUN
OR YOU CAN DUEL ME.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
BRING IT ON.
YOU SHOULDA TRIED TO RUN.
NIGHT-NIGHT,
LITTLE MOUSE.
GO, PSYCHIC COMMANDER!
AAH!
OHH! AAH!
MISTY... HELP ME.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[THINKING]
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
MY LIFE IS FLASHING
BEFORE MY EYES!
HMMMM THERE'S
A LOT MORE JACK
THAN I WOULD'VE THOUGHT.
AWWWW, HE ALWAYS LOOKS
SO DREAMY AT SUNSET.
MAYBE WE'LL GET BACK
TOGETHER WHEN HE LEARNS
I GOT BLASTED DURING
A PSYCHIC DUELLLLL!
WOW, THAT DIDN'T HURT
NEARLY AS MUCH
AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD.
A DUEL CARD?
WAIT, SOMETHING'S
HAPPENING TO ME!
WHAT'S THAT STRANGE
LIGHT DOWN THERE?
WHA... WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
OHH!
IT MUST BE TIME.
THIS EARTHQUAKE
CAN ONLY MEAN ONE THING.
YES. DUCK AND COVER!
[GRUNTING]
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
OHH! LEO!
[WHIMPERING]
IT'S THE BIG ONE!
HEY! LET US
OUTTA HERE!
AAH!
WELL THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
I NEED A REPORT
ON THE DAMAGE RIGHT NOW!
AND GET EVERYONE
EVACUATED!
BUT LEAVE OUR GUESTS
WHERE THEY ARE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
GET OUTTA THE BUILDING!
BUT I'M HERE TO ASK YOU
FOR A REMATCH, SAYER.
I MUST BE SEEING THINGS.
OOOKAAAAAY. YOU'RE HAVING
A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN.
IT'S THE STRESS
OF YOUR JOB.
IT'S GOTTEN
TO YOU I HOPE!
STOP TALKING.
I'M NOT SOME
STRESS-INDUCED
HALLUCINATION.
I'M REAL.
BUT YOU FELL!
AND THEY GAVE ME
A SOFT LANDING.
IT SEEMS THAT
THE DARK SIGNERS
ARE ACTIVELY
RECRUITING DUELISTS
TO JOIN THEIR CAUSE.
THEY CHOSE
YOURS TRULY.
AND THAT'S BAD
NEWS FOR YOU.
LET'S JUST TALK
'BOUT THIS!
CARLY?!
THIS IS BEGINNING
OF THE END FOR YOU.
YOU'RE A DARK SIGNER?!
PREPARE YOURSELF
FOR THE SHADOWS.
SO THE LITTLE MOUSE
HAS BECOME
A DARK SIGNER, RIGHT?
WELL, I'VE ALREADY
BEATEN YOU ONCE TODAY.
AND I'LL BE MORE THAN
HAPPY TO DO IT AGAIN!
I MUST WARN YOU THAT
I'M NOT THE SAME PERSON.
SINCE I'VE JOINED
THE DARK SIGNERS
I'VE GROWN UP!
YOU WANNA REALLY
SEE HOW EXCITING
A DUEL CAN BE, SAYER,
THEN WHY DON'T
YOU AGREE TO BATTLE ME
IN A SHADOW DUEL!
CARLY, YOU'VE GOT
YOURSELF A DEAL.
I GUESS YOU FORGOT
THAT I AM THE LEADER
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT!
AND YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR MY PSYCHIC POWERS!
LET'S DUEL!
I'LL TEACH YOU
NOT TO MESS WITH ME!
NOW WATCH 'N'LEARN:
I SUMMON KREBONS
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I'LL PLAY
EMERGENCY TELEPORT.
LET'S SEE IF
THE NEW AND IMPROVED CARLY
CAN HANDLE THIS CARD!
WITH THIS SPELL
I GET TO SUMMON
A PSYCHIC MONSTER.
AND JUST TO KEEP
THINGS INTERESTING
I GET TO GRAB HIM
FROM ANYWHERE IN MY DECK!
MEET MIND PROTECTOR!
AND WITH KREBONS
OUT ON MY FIELD,
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY
THIS MATCH WON'T GET
BETTER FOR YOU!
KREBONS IS GOING TO
TUNE MIND PROTECTOR
INTO A MONSTER THAT'LL MAKE
THE END OF OUR LAST DUEL
SEEM LIKE A FOND MEMORY!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON:
MAGICAL ANDROID!
I KNOW THAT I CAN'T
ATTACK ON MY FIRST TURN,
BUT I'M AFRAID THAT
NOT EVEN YOUR
"DARK SIGNER POWERS"
CAN STOP HER SPECIAL ABILITY!
AT THE END OF EACH ONE
OF MY TURNS GUESS WHAT I GET?
SIX HUNDRED LIFE POINTS
FOR EVERY SINGLE PSYCHIC
MONSTER OUT ON MY FIELD!
AND WHY DON'T WE GET
TO THE GOOD STUFF
RIGHT AWAY?
I THINK I'LL END MY TURN
NOW AND REAP MY REWARD.
LET'S SEE THESE
DARK SIGNER POWERS.
CAREFUL WHAT YOU
ASK FOR!
I'LL START WITH THIS
LIL' FIELD SPELL.
IT'S QUITE THE
REVEALING CARD:
I PLAY
FUTURE VISION!
THAT'S QUITE
THE TRICK.
JUST WAIT.
YOU SEE, LIKE IT OR NOT,
I KNOW YOUR FATE
CLEAR AS NIGHT.
WELL, DARK SIGNER
OR NOT, MISS CARLY,
YOU'RE THE SAME:
THAT "FORTUNE
DECK" STILL CAN'T WIN.
NEW CLOTHES,
SOME PURPLE LIGHTING,
BUT TELL ME WHERE
ALL THIS SPECIAL MAGIC POWER
MAKES YOU DUEL BETTER?
YOU'RE STILL THE SAME
FAILED REPORTER
WHO COULDN'T BLOG HER WAY
ONTO A FAN SITE
FOR JACK ATLAS!
WELL THAT WANNABE
NO LONGER EXISTS.
WHY REPORT ON THE PAST,
WHEN YOU CAN DICTATE
THE FUTURE,
AND THIS CARD SAYS
THAT YOUR FUTURE'S
NOT SO BRIGHT.
WITH FORTUNE LADY LIGHT
ON MY FIELD
SHE GETS STRONGER
WITH EVERY ROUND.
YOU SEE, FOR EACH
STANDBY PHASE
SHE'S HERE,
SHE ACTUALLY GAINS
ONE MORE LEVEL!
THAT'S 200 MORE
ATTACK POINTS,
200 MORE
DEFENSE POINTS,
AND 200 MORE WAYS
TO BEAT YOU EACH
AND EVERY ROUND!
BUT WHY STOP THERE
WHEN I CAN ACTIVATE
MY FIELD SPELL
FORTUNE VISION?
I CAN USE ITS POWER
TO SEND FORTUNE
LADY LIGHT
INTO THE FUTURE!
NOW, IT'S TIME FOR
THE REAL FUN TO BEGIN!
YOU MEAN FOR ME!
YOUR FIELD'S OPEN
TO ANY ATTACK I CHOOSE!
TELL ME AGAIN WHY
THE DARK SIGNERS PICKED YOU!
WHAT CAN I SAY?
THEY LIKE
REVENGE STORIES.
NOW, FORTUNE
LADY LIGHT'S ABILITY
IS AUTOMATICALLY
ACTIVATED!
YOU SEE, AS SOON
AS SHE'S NO LONGER
ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON A NEW
FORTUNE LADY FROM
ANYWHERE IN MY DECK!
I CHOOSE:
FORTUNE LADY FIRE!
AND SINCE SHE'S ALREADY
A LEVEL 2 MONSTER,
HER ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE TO FOUR HUNDRED
AND THEN THE POWER
OF HER SPECIAL ABILITY
CAN...
WHY BOTHER WITH
SUCH A PATHETIC CARD?
I THINK OUR LAST
BATTLE IS STARTING
TO TAKE ITS TOLL.
THAT MONSTER OF YOURS IS
NO MATCH FOR THE STRENGTH
OF MY MAGICAL ANDROID.
WHERE'RE
YOUR MANNERS?
YOU SHOULD LET A LADY
FINISH TALKING BEFORE
MOUTHING OFF.
I ACTIVATE LADY FIRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AS SOON AS
SHE'S SUMMONED,
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
IS AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYED!
AND THERE'S MORE,
DEAR SAYER.
UNFORTUNATELY,
ALL THE POINTS
OF THE MONSTER YOU JUST
LOST TURN TO DAMAGE!
YOU CAN'T!
I CAN AND I WILL,
NOW WATCH AND LEARN!
DESTROY MAGICAL ANDROID!
AAH!
ARGH! UNH! OHH!
I... I'VE NEVER FELT
AN ATTACK LIKE THAT.
THAT ENERGY JUST NOW
IS UNLIKE ANYTHING
I'VE FACED BEFORE.
YOU KNOW WHY?
THE POWER
OF THE SHADOWS
IS LIMITLESS.
WELL, CARLY,
SO IS MINE.
YOUR POWER PALES
IN COMPARISON
TO THAT
OF THE DARK SIGNERS.
FORTUNE LADY FIRE,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
AAH! UGH!
NOW THAT YOU'VE HAD
A TASTE OF MY POWER,
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
UNLESS YOU DO
SOMETHING AND QUICK
I'M AFRAID THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE
OUR LITTLE DUEL
AND END UP
IN THE NETHERWORLD!
WHY CAN'T WE
SEE ANYTHING?
COME ON!
I DON'T REMEMBER
US SUBSCRIBING
TO THE STATIC CHANNEL?!
WHERE'S THE PICTURE!
AH, THERE WE GO.
OHH! WHAT IS THAT?!
NO! GOODWIN!
A DARK SIGN!
BUT, WHAT'S IT
DOING HERE?!
A SIGN IN OUR CITY CAN
ONLY MEAN ONE THING, LAZAR.
A SHADOW DUEL?!
BUT I THOUGHT
THE DARK SIGNERS WERE
IN THE SATELLITE!
AND NOW, THEY'RE
FIGHTING HERE?!
GOODWIN, WHAT
IN THE DECK
IS GOING ON?!
SAYER? ANYONE?
HELLO? COME ON!
STOP KIDDING AROUND!
Misty: LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE?
I'M AFRAID SAYER
IS A LITTLE,
HOW SHOULD I SAY,
OCCUPIED.
WAIT I KNOW YOU!
YOU'RE THAT MODEL!
I DO HAPPEN TO HAVE
A NAME YOU KNOW:
IT'S MISTY.
YOU'RE FAMOUS YOURSELF
AREN'T YOU, MISS AKIZA?
OR DO YOU PREFER
"BLACK ROSE"?
TELL ME, ARE YOU
REALLY A WITCH?
I'VE WAITED A LONG TIME
FOR THIS, MISS WHATEVER
YOU'RE CALLING YOURSELF.
I WANT MY BROTHER BACK.
YOUR BROTHER?!
BUT I DON'T KNOW HIM!
WHY DO YOU THINK I DO?
ENOUGH LIES!
I WANT ANSWERS
AND I WANT THEM NOW,
MISS AKIZA.
YOUR GROUP OF PSYCHICS...
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT...
STOLE HIM.
SO NOW, I'LL GIVE
YOU ONE MORE CHANCE
TO TELL ME THE TRUTH:
WHERE. IS.
MY BROTHER, BLACK ROSE?
I ALREADY TOLD YOU
THAT I DON'T KNOW!
THEN WE DUEL.
FINE! LET'S GO!
TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH
I HAD HOPED IT MIGHT
COME TO THIS.
A DUEL SHOULD BE
THE PERFECT CHANCE
TO TRY OUT SOME
OF THE NEW ABILITIES
THAT I'VE RECENTLY
BEEN OFFERED.
YOU SEE, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE HERE WHO'S
KEEPING A BIG SECRET.
DO NOT LET MY
PERFECT FACE FOOL YOU,
FOR I AM
A DARK SIGNER
WHO HAS COME TO SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
YOU'RE A DARK SIGNER??!!
UNH! MY SIGN!
HUH?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
THE TRUTH,
AND I'LL GET IT
EVEN IF I HAVE TO
SHAKE IT OUT OF YOU.
WHAT'S THIS?!
ISN'T ONE EARTHQUAKE
ENOUGH?!
THIS WAS A NICE NIGHT
FOR A RIDE.
HUH?
WHAT?!
I BEST GET
A BETTER LOOK AT THIS!
WHERE'D THIS COME FROM?!
[WHIMPERING]
TWO DARK SIGNS?
THIS IS QUITE UNEXPECTED.
Jack: THIS LOOKS
AWFULLY FAMILIAR.
HMM. HUH?
THAT'S OVER
NEW DOMINO CITY.
MY SIGN IT'S GLOWING.
AND THAT CAN ONLY
MEAN ONE THING.
A SHADOW DUEL IS
ABOUT TO START.
IT'S SIGNER VERSUS
DARK SIGNER, BUT WHERE?
THE ARCADIA BUILDING?!
TIME TO KICK IT
INTO OVERDRIVE.
AAH!
WHAT'S THIS?!
SOME PURPLE
FIRE BLOCKADE?!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR TRIP
TO THE FACILITY
JUST GOT DELAYED,
GREIGER.
I'M SURE YOU'RE
REALLY DISAPPOINTED.
GRAMPS!
YOU OKAY?
WELL, GUESS THAT
KINDA DEPENDS.
WE STILL
LOCKED UP IN SOME
UNDERGROUND BASEMENT?
I GUESS SO.
BUT THAT AFTERSHOCK
GAVE ME AN IDEA
ON GETTIN'
OUTTA HERE!
IT MIGHT'A LOOSENED
THE WHOLE FOUNDATION!
YES! THAT'S USING
YOUR HEAD!
EASY.
AND NOW ALL WE GOTTA DO
IS FIND THE TWINS
BEFORE THIS BUILDING
COMES DOWN.
IF I CAN'T MAKE
YOU REVEAL MY
BROTHER'S FATE,
MY DECK WILL.
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT YOU
AND THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
DID, AKIZA.
I DON'T KNOW HOW ELSE
TO SAY IT,
BUT THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
WOULDN'T HURT OR HIDE ANYONE.
IT'S ONLY HERE TO HELP!
BUT IF YOU WANNA DUEL
THEN I THINK I SHOULD
AT LEAST DEFEND MYSELF.
AFTER ALL,
THIS IS MY HOME.
AND I'M NOT GONNA LET
SOME DARK SIGNER PUSH ME
AROUND IN MY OWN PLACE!
HMM.
LET'S DO THIS!
I'M FIRST.
AND I SUMMON
TWILIGHT ROSE KNIGHT!
AND LUCKY FOR ME,
I CAN USE HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
AS SOON AS HE'S SUMMONED!
SO NOW, I CAN ADD
A LEVEL 4 OR BELOW
PLANT TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND AND SUMMON
IT DIRECTLY TO MY FIELD,
AND I THINK I'LL BRING
OUT LORD POISON!
AND NOW I'D LIKE TO
INVITE YOU TO WITNESS
THE ROYAL ENGAGEMENT
OF MY ROSE KNIGHT
AND LORD POISON.
BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
WELCOME TO THE GAME!
HMPH. IMPRESSIVE.
WIELDING A POWERFUL
BEAST LIKE THAT
IS A TESTAMENT TO WHY
YOU WERE CHOSEN TO BE
A SIGNER.
I WONDER
IF YOUR CALLING WAS
SIMILAR TO MINE.
HER VITALS
ARE DROPPING DOCTOR!
WE HAVE TO GET HER
TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM!
I KNEW I HAD ONE REASON
TO STAY ALIVE:
I HAD TO FIND MY BROTHER
AND TAKE REVENGE
ON THOSE WHO TOOK HIM
FROM ME.
SO I MADE A DEAL.
AND NOW THE POWER
OF THE SHADOWS
HAS GIVEN ME
A NEW LEASE ON LIFE
AND THE CHANCE
TO FINALLY DISCOVER
THE TRUTH.
AND ONCE YOU TELL ME
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW,
THE SHADOWS
WILL ENVELOPE
YOU AND YOUR DECK.
WELL THESE
THREE FACEDOWNS
ARE GOING TO PUT
A STOP TO THAT PLAN.
YOUR TURN.
THEN I DRAW.
I ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL
SAVAGE COLISEUM!
NOW AS LONG AS THIS
CARD'S IN PLAY,
EVERY MONSTER
THAT'S IN ATTACK MODE
ACTUALLY HAS TO ATTACK.
NOT ONLY THAT,
FOR AS LONG AS
THIS CARD'S IN PLAY,
I GET THREE HUNDRED
ADDITIONAL LIFE POINTS
EVERY TIME
A MONSTER BATTLES.
AND TO KEEP THINGS SAFE,
I'LL BE ACTIVATING
ANOTHER SPELL CARD!
THANKS TO THE EFFECT
OF MY FIELD BARRIER,
YOU CAN'T COUNTER
MY COLISEUM,
AND NO OTHER FIELD SPELL
CAN REPLACE THE ONE
I ALREADY HAVE IN PLAY!
THIS PIECE OF ANCIENT
ARCHITECTURE MIGHT JUST
TURN ME INTO HISTORY.
NOW I'LL SUMMON OUT
MY REPTILE GORGON!
Computer: REPTILE GORGON
IS A LEVEL THREE
DARK ATTRIBUTE
REPTILE TYPE MONSTER
THAT HAS 1400 ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS.
AND I EQUIP IT
WITH THIS:
MY SPELL CALLED
ATTACK PHEROMONE.
AND NOW, WHEN MY REPTILE
ATTACKS YOUR MONSTERS,
THEY CAN'T SIMPLY HIDE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THIS CARD SWITCHES THEM
TO ATTACK MODE
WHETHER YOU LIKE
IT OR NOT.
NOW YOU KNOW
HOW IT FEELS TO BE
IN A POWERLESS
SITUATION,
JUST LIKE I'VE BEEN
ALL THESE YEARS
AS I STRUGGLED TO FIND
OUT WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY BROTHER.
AND THIS NEXT CARD
SHOULD HELP DRIVE
THAT SENTIMENT HOME!
I CAST MOLTING ESCAPE
ON REPTILE GORGON!
NOW MY MONSTER'S
PRACTICALLY INVINCIBLE!
ONCE A TURN SHE CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE
NO MATTER HOW STRONG
YOUR MONSTER IS!
NOT ONLY THAT,
BUT EVERY TIME I USE
THIS EQUIP EFFECT,
REPTILE GORGON
GAINS AN EXTRA 100
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW LET'S SEE HOW ALL
THESE SPELLS PLAY OUT.
REPTILE GORGON, ATTACK!
HOLD ON!
I THINK THE DARK SIGNERS
LEFT YOU A COUPLE CARDS
SHORT OF A DECK!
EVEN WITH ALL THOSE
EQUIP SPELLS YOU STILL DON'T
HAVE A CHANCE
AGAINST MY BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[GROANING]
AND NOW, THANKS TO MY
MOLTING ESCAPE EQUIP
SPELL, GORGON LIVES!
NOT ONLY THAT,
BUT SHE GETS THOSE
EXTRA 100 ATTACK POINTS
I MENTIONED,
EVENING
THE PLAYING FIELD JUST
A LITTLE BIT MORE.
[THINKING]
I DON'T GET IT!
ALL THOSE SPELLS
AND COMBOS JUST TO ADD
100 ATTACK POINTS?!
WHAT'S HER REAL PLAN?
THERE'S ONE MORE THING.
I HAVEN'T YET
TALKED ABOUT GORGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHAT'S IT DO?!
HUH?
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
TO MY DRAGON, MISTY?!
LET'S JUST SAY SHE'S
RESTING FOR NOW.
YOU SEE GORGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
FREEZES HER MODE,
I'M AFRAID.
SO SHE CAN'T DEFEND YOU
AND OR ATTACK
SINCE ALL OF HER POWER
HAS BEEN NEUTRALIZED.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
YES I CAN.
AND I DID!
NOW IF YOU'LL
EXCUSE ME FOR JUST
THIS ONE MOMENT,
I'LL ENJOY MY FIELD
SPELL'S EFFECT:
I GET 300 LIFE
POINTS BECAUSE
I ATTACKED YOU
THIS ROUND!
YOU CAN
NEVER BEAT ME!
BE SMART AND TALK:
TELL ME WHAT
YOU KNOW ABOUT MY
ONLY BROTHER'S FATE!
AND I PROMISE I'LL
MAKE YOUR DEFEAT QUICK
AND PAINLESS.
SO WHAT'S YOUR DECISION?
I TOLD YOU ALREADY
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED!!!
I SEE. THEN THAT
LEAVES ME NO CHOICE.
YOU KNOW YOUR
DEAR FRIEND SAYER?
I'M AFRAID HE'S
ABOUT TO LOSE
HIS SHADOW DUEL!
SAYER?!
AND SO ARE YOU